 It shows that it does matter what the public sentiment is. It really does. You can argue that the Stark devs are on the offensive. He was calling the community, you know, you little e-beggars. Why don't everyone grow a brain and learn? This seems like high IQ low-eat mepat, though. Yeah, high IQ low-eat, cute hype of devs. Hebeggars. Yeah, hebeggars. A little bit term. You've got a character that's wrong with you. I know. I've never heard of that before. Welcome everybody to another episode of Steady Lads. I'm Jordy, the founder of Selenie Capital. We have with us Taiji, the humble farmer and researcher. We have Justin Bram, Yova Staria, and we have Biggie, who is... Biggie, are you still at Siminar or what's going on? Are you guys like taking your own paths and being devas? Or are you still one crew? We're exploring other trades, but, you know, still on paper together. Wow, on paper, okay. Sounds like an interesting polyamorous. You guys were on the wrong side of this whole BTC pump, right? You were just mentioning how you sort of been wrecked by a few shorts here and there? Well, we're long Bitcoin. We flipped very long at 47. First flow number, I really did it for us, but there were like some Stragma or all shorts that got to be it awesome. Yeah, you were kind of publicly calling the top fire call a few weeks ago after the ETF launch, and it looked like you were spot on for at least, you know, 10 days after that, once GraySkill was getting, you know, ripped down. Are we... Are we in a new paradigm? Like, kind of, have you, like, re-rated? Or are you looking at it right now? I think we are. I think like the ETF closed came in a lot stronger than expected a lot faster. And yeah, I mean, all we need is like $20 million of A on average, it flows to offset the minus supply of those tapping, and, you know, we're getting like 500, 600, so it looks like, you know, we're out of clear paths all the time, guys. And then you just think that that will keep sort of fueling the altcoins as well. I think so. I think there are a lot of laggard altcoins, maybe new narratives for the cycle that might be interesting, and you can see every race. But Thicki, interestingly enough, a couple episodes ago when we had HAL as a guest, I think you guys were both sort of in agreement that there are so many unlocks happening this year that we need, you know, something like, it was a crazy number, like $60 billion of all its buy-pressure just to support the current valuations. Do you still think that is true, or do you think the market is just so bullish, we're going to eclipse that? Yeah, I think that goes out the window when people are buying this much Bitcoin. Like the World Effect, and just like, you know, people have a lot more money just to buy all sensitive majors. I wonder if we are going to get this kind of wealth effect that we have normally at this point in the cycle. I just not sure how much crypto natives have exposure to Bitcoin compared to the past. I feel like it's gone down. I know like a lot more people that don't have Bitcoin. I was talking to light crypto today and it was like reminiscing how the cycle, he told me that there was like one spot where he was like, yeah, I don't have any Bitcoin right now. And I thought it was unfathomable that somebody, you know, who is like investing in crypto all the time and bullish on the space would have zero Bitcoin. I just thought like, I would feel naked, you know, completely underexposed to potential upside. But now it's just normal. Like there's so many people who don't have Bitcoin. And like when we talk about a wealth effect, it's definitely like there. But is it really like how many of us have, you know, Bitcoin that we're now like selling and then we're gonna like buy, you know, have a line of sure something. Yeah, I feel like it's more the psychological wealth effect, right? If Bitcoin is going up then everyone feels like they can spy more, right? They just bridged fiat from their bank accounts to Coinbase, just kind of buy stuff. I feel like the, the wealth effect will come true for the ETF. It feels like it, or some, like some part of the ETF is being priced in as is, it's like just pumping today, whereas other altcoins are just down. Do you think it'll happen in May or do you think that it might be delayed and maybe it'll get 2025 approval? So it looks like the odds are depending on who you ask anyway from 60 to like 90% that will get it around May. I don't have a strong view, I think some of the wiser people are putting it higher and they seem to know the the US system better than I do. You're kind of high, Jordy. I was at 50%. I think Coin market's like close to 52. I put it in at honestly like 90% plus bar and some sort of catastrophic. It's cool. Bar and catastrophic news, like if you guys recall, but when the Bitcoin ETF narrative was still, let's say four months out, people were saying the exact same things, right? Gary doesn't want this approved. It's never going to happen, et cetera, et cetera. Personally, I think we should just, you know, left curve this, right? BlackRock filed for the ETF. They're only going to file if they think it's going to happen. And if the SEC sort of signals to them that they'll accept it, the market wants this, it just makes perfect sense. And actually on CNBC, I'd recommend ever watch. It's about a 20 minute interview with Gary. I know, Thicki and I have different perspectives on this. I thought Gary basically conceded and said that ETF is going to happen. Basically, he said, we're going to, you know, sit as a committee and decide. And he also said, interestingly enough, that he didn't think Bitcoin was decentralized. He said this yesterday, regardless of whether it's decentralized or not, that really is interesting to me because it shows that maybe the key question for the ETF is in about decentralization if he thinks Bitcoin is actually centralized in itself. So I'd watch the interview make your own determinations. But to me, I'd put this at 90% plus bar and like a catastrophic incident with these. Let's go a little bit about the new coins. You know, we've talked about this narrative of new coin good. And we haven't had any big launches this week, I believe. We are potentially having something announced for in a few days. So the S T R K token is a little bit the talk of the town right now because well, a couple of things, right? Like number one, not many people got the air drop and a lot of people were expecting to get some kind of air drop and a lot of drama around that did did any of you guys get an air drop? Thicki, have you checked your wallets? Yeah, I used Starknet across like five wallets last year. I've reached like a couple of notebooks over LP on Jet Ice Loved and you know, the user experience was like awful. Took like 10 minutes to settle the transaction. But I got zero tokens. I'm actually not that upset. I think the methodology was okay. Just rewarding, I guess early users and devs. I think what people are upset is with the vesting schedule. That seems pretty egregious. What do you guys think about that? Yeah, let's talk about that. So from what I understand, the team is supposed to unlock tokens like two years after TG and the TG, he is a technical term. Like you can have the token launch on exchanges and that's usually the TG or you can quietly like, you know, create the token and then don't say anything for two years and then suddenly like your tokens are unlocked. I don't really have a strong view, I guess. You know, the main people that are affected are investors who are still up top. Well, I'm not quite sure like on the game too of this. Thicki, have you studied this chart? Yeah, the token launch is quite interesting. My take on this is just from like hearing rumors. It's not like the, you know, we really agreed that they would unlock investors at a certain date and they were supposed to launch last year, but they delayed it, you know, for more favorable market conditions and the investors sort of did not agree to push back their unlock. So even though it is beneficial, they're launching now on their unique higher evaluation and better market conditions like the cliff is kind of unprecedentedly close to G. Yeah, I don't know if you have the chart that we can bring up with the unlock of tokens and how that's going to go and it has this strange shape at the beginning. I think April is kind of when a bunch of it gets unlocked and then we're starting with a really tiny like thing at the start. I'm not quite sure it's going to happen for the first two months until until like things come online. It looks like the ultimate low float Samcoin. It looks like a map or something, right, which is not so close to the case for a serious token. Hopefully they get some solution to that. But, Jordi, you like living this world. You live and breathe a day in and day out. I mean, what are your thoughts on? So does it really matter if the cliff starts in a year versus three months from now? Like in some ways, could you argue that it's even better to start in three months? Like yes, it feels shady, but like the market's super hot right now, there's going to be a lot of buzz around the launch. Like this is going to happen eventually. Why not just sort of get it over with and reach a fair evaluation earlier? Or do you think this could like completely handicap the project in perpetuity? No, the three month versus one year is not a huge deal. I think the weirdest thing is just that first three month period, there's literally no tokens out. So I'm not sure what's going to happen on the markets. You know, even if there's just a little bit of buying pressure, it's going to be hard to find tokens for that. Yeah, I guess you can argue that like starting it, there's like zero ecosystem there, right? There's like $70 million of the TVL. So maybe the team just wants Dow tokens to unlock immediately so they can just start handing it out the teams. Maybe that's something that they're thinking of. But you're playing the circling supply two months seems pretty egregious. Yeah, I mean, so they used to be the house of dydx, right? Before dydx decided to move to their own chain on cosmos and now there's dydx before there. They have a couple dexes now. I think paradex is probably one that's sort of up and coming there. But yeah, without a ton of ecosystem, I don't know, I feel like they should have maybe distributed the token a bit more. We did see that some GitHub contributors who I don't know if there's a joke. It was just like legit. Whether these Twitter posts saying that somebody like changed one line of code and like his account got like doused with hundreds of thousands of tokens. Maybe it was a it was a bit of a joke there. But I think that's actually real though. I think those sort of all of those incidents are real. Like I don't think they did enough due diligence of like looking at each GitHub account and determining if it was a worthy contribution or not. It was just sort of like a binary thing. Yeah, and there was saying there was a lot of squatting on people's user names for GitHub because people stopped using it. Yeah, that's what Bantek has been saying that people deleted their accounts and then people are just squatting on the name of the account that it had once contributed. But you know, let's see how it goes. The one thing that I will point out is that it does seem to matter if you lose the community. We saw that with Jupyter as well. I'm not saying they lost the community but there was obviously like a bit of fight and then the you know, the founder had to go into defensive mode and that's like somewhere you don't really want to be. Obviously there's ways to climb out of it. But you know, the token hasn't been performing well since launch and it shows that it does matter like what the public sentiment is. It really does. You can argue that the Stark devs are on the offensive. If you Justin, if you can pull up the handsome tweet, I think. I mean, I don't really know what this guy is but he was like calling the community like, you know, you little e-beggars. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like, you know, like, you know, linear, like, you know, screw them. They about followers. You know, like why don't everyone grow a brain and like learn. This seems like hi IQ low e-peg. Yeah, hi IQ low e-peg. Type of devs. Yeah, you'd the e-beggars. I know. I've never heard of that before. Yeah. So, I mean, I obviously like, I think these things could be expressed better. I do think there's a little bit of like natural pushback towards people who just expect like free stuff. You know, we have these like toddlers that are just spoiled on chain and they just expect that I mean, take you seems fine, but like other people they'll be like, I use that I swap. It's gen I swap. Okay, I want my like $5,000. It's like, where is it? No, I like three hundred. I use like three hundred dollars. And it's just sitting there. They're nothing. I sort of agree with you, Jorri, in the sense of like they they truly do owe everyone nothing, right? They don't have to give a dollar away if they don't want to. The air drop mechanic always has issues whether people are always can complain about it, even though it's free money, whether we were complaining or I was complaining last week about Sibler's getting a larger of the air drops. Now the complaint is that we're not rewarding Sibler's or these people that aren't providing any value. We're just, you know, giving incentives to get up developers like beef aligned people, et cetera. I think you're never going to win. When whenever someone doesn't make money from this, they're going to be a loud voice, right? That is just how it is. So I don't have an issue with how they did it. I wish I had an air drop, but it is what it is. Yeah, I think ultimately if what they're saying is that they are just focused builders and trying to add value and build the best technology, then, you know, we'll kind of let the tech speak for itself. But I have seen that the projects like one prime example right now is Pith. They gave out massive amount of tokens. And, you know, instead of doing a finance launch pad, they did like even more like air drops. They just increased everyone's air drop. And now they just recently announced like retroactive. They gave like a bunch of projects that they're associated with more or they're a drop. You would think that like this amount of supply and like selling pressure, we just obliterate the token. But it's been like one of the best performers and it's, you know, kind of made like a big all-time high again. And now of course, you know, some of it's around like this staking for air drops narrative. But it goes to show you that in crypto, like the rules of economics kind of get flipped on their head. And if you have like just a ton of air drops and give out tokens that you would think would destroy your price, it seems to work out. And I'm still trying to scratch my head and understand how does it change the supply and demand so much. If you think about like the top performing your herdrop coins, it's like Celestia, dimension is going well and then like it's Pith. And all three have like this air drop, like steak for air drop narrative. And even people that's like bearish, dying, right, or even pith or Pith, instead of selling their entire stack, they're selling like three quarters and staking to 25%. So you can argue that, you know, the price is being detached from reality because there's all these tokens being staked. And people are just going to stake it there for the next couple of months because they have this mindset of, and I thought, okay, like, you know, like Yolo, just stake here and maybe I'll get something in return. And then if that, if there's like one big air drop, then everyone's like piles and it's like, oh my god, like it's happening, it's happening. So it's definitely like bull market pumpamentals, one-on-one that I'm trying to like, align myself with more. It's like real, real utility at least token. Yeah, it's utility. You think about it. I mean, I'm actually like kind of interested to see how wormhole does. I think it might do very well given that it will be very widely distributed, you know, across all these different ecosystems and different people, everywhere, all kinds of different wallets. It seems to me that if you just get the token and a lot of people's hands, they will trade it, speculate upon it. And then that sort of just builds, builds from there. So I'm curious to see. But with, you know, Stark specifically, it'll be an interesting launch. I think right now we can pull up AVO on the perpetuals. And I looked at hyperliquid as well. It seems to coincide. We are seeing $18 billion FDV being sort of bet upon not by a ton of volume, but it is a million dollars, which, you know, it's pretty high for these types of things. It's not total dust. There was some speculation in some of my telegram chats that, you know, some of the like, big backholders are, you know, maybe burning a few hundred K just to prime everybody that, you know, the distinction to trade on 18 billion. Just like, you know, in presidential elections, like some candidate can bet on themselves just to kind of appear that they're doing really well. I'm not sure anyone's taken that game to be lying. It would actually make sense to do it. But if this thing truly launches at 18 billion, in your guys opinion, like, what does that re-rate eigenlayer to, right? With actual TVL, actual use cases, a great narrative. Like, do we have to think of eigenlayers of $40 billion project now? Like, these valuations are in some ways getting absurd, right? Well, do you think they're related? Because this is like ZK and eigenlayers. You know, we're sticking to different prototypes. Totally different, but I think we can think of it in the same fashion, right? Like a new token launch for a somewhat hot narrative, eth beta, nothing comparable yet to sort of bet on it with. This is the first ZK thing you can bet on. And eigenlayer has a lot more mind-shear now and also a lot more users, a lot more TVL, ecosystem air drops have we discussed. Like, I don't think they're related projects, but I think eigenlayer should certainly be valued higher than Stark, we're just intuitively. Yeah, I can see that. I think it's really bullish. It could be really bullish just like all new verticals. I am really bullish on just ZK as a whole. I do think it might be like the narrative of this cycle. Can you expand on that? Yeah. Well, I think that like the cool thing about ZK is that like, it really only makes sense if you want to have like cross-chain interoperability. So like with a current iteration of optimistic rollups, like you can actually communicate cross-chain atomically because you have to submit, you submit the batches optimistically in seven-day fraud check period. So you can't actually like, you can't communicate. Whereas ZK because you're submitting a proof and like you can assume that these proofs are instantly quickly verifiable, like you can actually talk across all these ZK chains instantly and do cool things like you can essentially have like a modular architecture without fragmenting liquidity. So what that looks like is like you can submit a swap and they can aggregate liquidity across all these ZK pools or yeah, on all these ZK chains at once. Whereas like right now without optimistic architecture, you can't do that. Like a pretty far off being able to do that. Yeah, that's interesting. I know like, Vinclist had this two-hour podcast with Justin Drake around fixing fragmentation because they understand that it's an issue. And I think optimism super chains is trying to, you know, do something similar where all these super chains are connected. Oh, within the OB stack and they can share liquidity and whatnot. That's like also like Dimensions' bowl case. Do you think like 18 billion is fairly valued? I think you kind of mentioned that. How would you price this thing? How would you trade it personally? I don't think it has to be that overvalued. I think especially if you take away liquidity from a lot of existing altcoins, like it should, I wouldn't be like, wouldn't be crazy for StarCoin to trade it. It's only a couple billion market capital. So and if Tio dimension can get there, then like, I don't see why StarCoin can't. It'll be a hated coin rally for sure. It'd be like clumps, like 30 billion up to you. I think one really underappreciated play is how it might re-rate the magic token. The magic is working on exactly this and it's trading only nine. Yeah, the magic's an interesting one. It hasn't quite gone up as much as it did last cycle. I remember, you know, seeing multiple dollars on magic and maybe it'll catch up. I guess it all also depends on supply. I mean, we said supply doesn't matter, but I think it probably does matter if we look at arbitrum right now. There is a big unlock happening in March that everybody's kind of like circle under calendar in March. And I couldn't help but notice that despite everything else pumping pretty hard, you know, the arbitrum, we can look at the Arb-Eath. It's a big turn in a lot. It had a good start to the year. A great sort of like rally from $1 to $2. And you know, in this latest push up, I think people have circled the coming unlock and maybe it matters. I've actually slipped bullish on arbitrum because it truly is like Eats, Best, like monolithic competitor to Solana. Like TBL is just really good, you know, block times are very fast. It's in 15 millisecond block times. I really think optimistic modelists just make a lot of sense. So like I flipped from bearish to bullish, not bullish, but like not bearish on Arb. How about optimism? I mean, it's marginally less bullish optimism now because they're modular, but like, they're never going to be getting an Arb-Eath. It's going to take a long time for optimism to become an Arb-Eath. So you just have this like liquidity fragmentation. Is this quite interesting chart? We have a inverse McDonald's chart here. I can't tell if this is really bearish. Like, maybe we need Andre back on the show to read the chart for us. Did you have a signal, Tiki? Who was that phone? You're phone alarm. Oh, let me check what that was. Eath ETF approved. It was some CFTC release. Bullish. So like, let's talk a little bit about the fact that, you know, the market has flipped at this point to being just in this mania. Is there anything specific that we're looking at as narratives right now given the Bitcoin pump? I've been, I'm going to share this link with everyone in the description. I think this flow table is exceptionally good and interesting. This is generated automatically in real time. So if you want to just leave this open as a tab, it will automatically, you'll have to refresh, but it'll automatically update with flows as they come in for the day. Usually, few hours after the market closed in New York. And if you just look at, I mean, Tiki's been talking about this for a while now, but the net inflows, meaning the inflows, even after the grayscale outflows are extremely bullish, right? The past five days or so we've had a 340 million inflows, 635, 540, 400, etc. It's really quite astonishing. BlackRock is contributing to most of that. And really, it's pretty encouraging. There seems to be a ton of demand for this thing, which is super exciting. And grayscale outflows have really slowed down. There's going to be a little increase with that big approval. But overall, I mean, I think that's like as we alluded to before, this all has to, you know, all of the bullishness has to come down to this. Yeah. And I guess I remember this thread from Jordy last cycle of the Shikkoyne dilemma, where if Bitcoin pumps, then DGens look to go out the risk curve to buy altcoins. But if everyone buys altcoins, then there's no one buying Bitcoin. And then when Bitcoin goes down 10%, alt goes down 30%. But if we're getting these passive flows in Bitcoin, then maybe we can have crazy alt season. I can't even imagine what alt season looks like because it seems like, it was like three years ago, you know, when it last happened. It feels to me like we're already in alt season. It's just the right alt are pumping. The ones that are actually doing things that are innovating that have a narrative around them are all up massive amounts, right? But if you look at total three, it's not really representative of that because there's like thousands of junk coins out there that our legacy coins and should never return in my opinion. Yeah. My view on is that like in Q4 last year, like a lot of narratives pumped. And like I think a lot of funds are like pretty close to fully allocated on those narratives. So like I think the Altair one uses is like, you know, pretty saturated. But like new narratives that like maybe have lagged. I think we'll see a catch up this cycle. So yeah, what we'll see what those are. My money still in ZK, but I think there are other ones as well. Now how do you bet on ZK? It's just magic in Stark or Mina and like how do you bet on that? Mina and Dusk were actually did re-write it from the Stark launch. But I think I think Maddick is one of the best risk or I'm shilling my bags out. But I think Maddick is one of the best. And they're going to rebrand, right? To a new token, POL. Maybe that's bullish, new chart. Exactly. Yeah. Well, I don't think it's going on. In addition to all of that, I did have pull up this tweet from Nick Carter that I wanted to touch on because it really does show that there is this Bitcoin Renaissance happening beyond just the ETF and a so-and-that doesn't have any Bitcoin. It's, you know, tough to see this, but also really exciting for the ecosystem and Nick Carter sort of outlines all of these amazing things happening. The primary one, of course, being that ETF flows are beyond our wildest dreams, even according to the most bullish analysts, which is true. There's also talk about BitVM, so you can have optimistic roll-ups without a software, explosion of VC dollars allocated to Bitcoin startups. If you guys don't know, Nick Carter runs a fund that's for all of crypto, not just Bitcoin, but of course, Nick has a focus on Bitcoin. Ordinals is huge. BRC20s are huge. ETFs coming up. And then also the having he listed the bottom, of course, who knows what impact that has, but there really is a ton of stuff happening in the Bitcoin space, which is exciting to see, because in some ways it felt like Bitcoin sort of sat out the last cycle as far as development went, and it doesn't seem to be the case now. It seems like a lot's actually happening. Yeah, I mean, I think that the both BTC and ETH future is very bright. I've talked about this many times in the past that there is a huge supply squeeze coming. And the last days look like a supply squeeze to me. There's just not enough coins in dealer sands and OTC desksands on exchanges to just handle an incremental demand spike that's coming. And that's where things get really kind of crazy. On the other side, on the all coins, I think, yeah, a lot of them are pumping massive. The ones that have VC on locks coming, there's probably just VCs just praying that the price doesn't change between now and like not like the rest of the year when their stuff gets unlocked. I've talked to some of the secondary desks and tried to get a sense of what BIDS, some of the DCs are kind of giving tokens at. And it's surprisingly low. There's stuff going for like 75% discount on current price, which means that retail is buying something that somebody is very happily willing to sell three quarters discount. And these are the big coins that are kind of publicly pumping. We don't need to mention, but you know, there's some doctor. I'm not going to say what kind of doctor it is, but it's Tia. I don't know how useful of a metric, a discount that like a private round investor, what are you willing to pay is though, candidly, because if you're up 10,000%, or a thousand ex or 100 ex, you're going to sell, right? Even if you have to take a 75% haircut, you're still up massive. It's a fund maker, right? Like, don't you think it's smart to just take some off the table regardless, even if you're getting a huge discount? Yeah, you'll sell, but then like, what's the cleaning price? So like, if there was a lot of demand, they would still be at the fair value because you know, you want to sell at like 10, but someone's willing to bid 12, and then like, you know, it'll settle at 12. Like, it'll be an option of some sort. The fact that, you know, somebody would be just put a catch and carry on. So basically, like, I could buy you, I'd say, like, you're a Celestia at like $8. And then I could like, just for example, you say, and then hedge it at 20, and then just wait, you know, whatever, three years. The reality is that people are not willing to do it because, you know, first of all, there's a lot of scenarios that we've seen even like in 2022 where things go like very negative on the funding rate. So trying to hold a perpetual for that long can be very risky and so on, right? I think between like the kind of mid-22 until the FTX collapse, it was just like pure negative funding rates, right? It's a tricky one, and I just think that the ones that are going to get hurt the most are going to be the retail holding these things as the omelux actually happened because it's going to be like a blood bath. I feel like there's also this theory that people think that there's a four-year cycle because they're having, but what if there's like a four-year cycle because of those VC omelux, and they just like dump all coins? Is that like an unpopular opinion? It could be real, right? It could be real. And again, you know, I'm very bullish BTC and ETH going infinitely up. I don't think that there is a price at which they get overvalued because I think the price becomes an advertisement for more and more people to adopt, but I just keep emphasizing every week the difference between things that don't have a supply that keeps, you know, dumping constantly, like BTC and ETH. And you know, there's other coins as well. I would put on that list that don't have this like huge overhang. You know, Solana is one that we talked about in the past. You know, I probably mis-timed the fact that those unlocks were happening just as like, you know, a bull market was starting, and those got eaten up. But we have heard this week that the galaxy where it was like operating the state has been looking at selling locked Solana tokens at a discount. And there's billions of dollars worth that sort of coming. Now it's good that there might be potentially buyers of these locked tokens, but it probably suppresses demand because these funds would have bought on the open market and now they're just like, well, I'm bullish Solana. I'm going to buy the 30% discount and just like hold the lock side. So we'll see. But maybe it'll get absorbed in 30% discount. It's not so bad. Like I said, I've been hearing about 70% for other coins. Cool. So let's go to the past of the week and see if Justin is going to keep his hot street going. What do you got for us Justin? You know, I have a new strategy. When I'm on Twitter now, I just bookmark anything that I think could be a contender for pasta the week. And now when it comes to like an hour before the show, I just scroll through my bookmarks and I'm set. I'm given a way pasta to the rest of the labs. But my entry is going to be from Silve XBT. He's tagged POTUS the FBI NATO at the SEC and has said that's starting at unscarrous in the drug market. And then there's a screen cap of his zero stark allocation. I thought this was hilarious. I think when you don't get an air drop, we need to normalize going to the SEC reporting that project for defrauding you out of your heart or in stark tokens and dollars. So it's just cracked me up when I saw it. Just the rage of some people is it really cracks me up. I love this one. Classic CT. I love it. Yeah. I call this activist air drop farming where if you get an air drop, you just boast a shit out of it. And then if you don't get an air drop, you just footed to death. Name and shame. Name and shame. I mean, Titan has been doing that pretty actively, right? Like, you know, like the mere drugs you were expecting for for Tia that never happened. Yeah. I mean, you know, like this, there's like this project called saga who didn't air drop to me for as a T.S. taker. And I was like, yeah, like this project going to zero. And then I get the dimension air drop and I'm like, wow, this is a future of finance. I'm, I'm obviously I'm joking. Hopefully people can catch like this sarcasm when I ship post on Twitter, but we got you. Yeah. It's it's so much true. You know, you just have to just just boast, you know, when teams are already in the sea or pasta as well. What do you have? Taki. Yeah. So this is really close to my heart because I consider myself a humble farmer. And you can apply this concept of thinking like a farmer to the crypto markets as well. You know, don't shout out the crops. Don't shout out the devs for not giving you an air drop. Don't blame the crop. Right. Don't blame the coin for not pumping. You know, don't sell your crops before they had the chance to grow. You don't like aggregate fertilizer, steak, you know, find ways to earn yield on your assets, remove weeds, like unfollow, like random accounts that you know, just clutting your timeline. And remember, you will have good season and bad seasons. You can't control the weather only be prepared for it. So you can predict the future, but you can be prepared for it. And I think everyone should have this mindset of no one like, you know, this is a bull market. Just be patient. Don't get yourself wrecked. Think like a farmer. Just 10-year crops and just live a comfortable life. It's funny. I remember when the term yield farmer came to the scene and it just fits so well. It works perfectly. Like I think one day we're going to see like Miriam Webster added yield farming to the dictionary. That's that's my bullet prediction in a few years. Do we still have like traditional yield farmers or have things change, Taki? I mean, I remember last time, you know, you had all these things you would just deposit one sided liquidity or sometimes two sided, but you know, you just get like 40-50% APY. And I don't really see too much of that, like random chicoyne pooled two stuff. Is that true? Like is it moved on to air drop farming and other stuff now? Yeah, because last like one, no one knew what the hell they were doing. So pull two farms worked, you know. But now everyone is more educated that inflation is bad. So now everyone is just migrating to air drop farming. It's like the new meta and I was talking about this with Justin, but he was like, you know, like what are some apps in crypto, you know, that people use. And I was like, the only US case in crypto right now on chain is just air drop farm. Just like use projects with no tokens and pray to pray to, you know, pray to God that you'll receive some hefty value, hefty token air drop. So yeah, everyone, I do think that the meta right now is air drop farming, but I don't really think that it's going to end because it's like the only way, it's like the primary way for deaths to drop tokens. So betting against it is like betting that devs are not going to drop tokens. Thank you. What do you have for us? Just like comment around the recent, that price action, how there's AP at the big point of also think for you lag, for you are, and everyone's waiting for like a alt BTC repression. So I'll see if we get whatever it wants. But I love this one. Well, I mean, this meme record gets old. You know, it does feel like some alt are doing extremely well and some are doing nothing at all. So it's a little bit of a bifurcated market. I've seen Zeta, one of the recent launches that we were talking about just is just pumping unlimited non-stop. And then you have like a bunch of stuff that's just flat. So quite interesting to see. Thankfully, Justin's mantle bags have been on the good side of it. We had some listings in in Korea, I think. The year of the dragon, baby, if you know, you know, you know, you know, we'll talk about that soon. So my pasta, we can bring up. It's still related to this like air drops of it. It seems to be the biggest talking point this week. But you know, this is the feeling you don't get an air drop. I love these clips in the Super Bowl. It's always so sad when like the other teams just getting rained on confetti, the other teams call it. It's like, this is what it feels like to not own BTC right now, honestly. The start air drop, you know, is confetti. Like some people got like a massive amount, right? And then like other people are sort of a zero. So it's it's quite appropriate. So we'll let the audience choose the winner in the comments. And you know, we do read the comments to that guy that seems always think that we're bearish. I keep saying like I'm always like hell of bullish. I'm not made. So I don't know like like the only bullish one here has been picky and he flipped to bullish. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Uh, I think he has now flipped from he joined us moon boy now. He flipped from 47. Sound the was it a painful right up to 47 before before you flip thinking like I was I was like short aughts. Those are short bitcoins. So like didn't lose much on that track. And I was long Bitcoin against always hedged. Before we sign off, can I just highlight one comment that bothered me? We get I read every comment and Andrew McMurray 8081 said, if you think about it, this entire pod is just criticism of almost every project they discuss. Everything's not very good and they all want to crash. It is true that almost all projects are not very good, but I don't want to crash. So this tweet is only this post is only half correct. Andrew and we'll accept your apology in the comments below. I only wanted to crash so we can come back up again. Like Max lot. Exactly. We just want to buy lower, dude. I mean, the reality is most of the crypto YouTube are just like non-stop like acting as if you know, every single project is like, you know, the best things in slice bread reflective upon even like the good coins, right? Like ETH BTC we still talk about like some of the issues that they have and that goes for for everything. So it's good to see both sides and hopefully most people don't just want moon boys. Thanks for everybody for joining us and we'll see you next week with a guest as well. Take care. What was guest? Oh, you'll see, think he will say it's a big one. Oh.